what is your name Willy Wonka gene
Wilder Star Jones I'm here for Willie
wall trumpets playing uh chewing gum was
really gross chewing gum I hate the most
one does that mean sorry chewing gum I
need the most to recover stock rose take
18 chewy though maybe the most true
what's my motivation didn't hate me as a
child I hated my father whoa frosted
they're chewing gum this really hatred
it wasn't that hard but I tried out for
thriller make a song out of it chew gum
scene 48 take life take far oh I was on
the screen before you were born before
you want to take over your famiiy sack I
wanted to be parallel to this line
compass I played it better I hate the
most taking Tim JT to Jesus I gotta yell
denounced ah I saw the original yeah if
you did and he did not paint knock can
we go over this lady can't even capture
certify you start by being installed the
boggle that's like
ah chewing gum is really gross should we
come i need the mother oh yeah I did it
you did it I did seem boring take one
live Easter its campus
you
me
lies
Oh